links are one of the key ingredients to
ranking high on google but how do you
find sites that are willing to link to
you
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how to find
lucrative link opportunities in under 60
seconds
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
that way when i go live you'll get
notified now what i want you to do is
first go to neilpatel.com
backlinks
this page will give you a report that
shows everyone who links your
competition let's say you're competing
with neilpatel.com i want you to enter
in your competitor's domain name not
your own but your competitors and then
just click search
it'll load up this report in ubersuggest
this is the backlinks report that breaks
down all the backlinks that your
competitors have it breaks on their
domain authority their backlinks they're
referring domain names that's how many
new unique websites are
linking to them right specific domains
not just pages
and then organic monthly traffic that
they're getting and then as you can see
here it has a link graph of over time of
how many new referring domains that are
linking to them if it's going down if
it's going up and it'll show you there
are new links that they're gaining each
and every single day as well as their
loss links that they're losing each and
every single day
and i want you to go through and i want
you to first click on advanced filters
and there's include exclude referring
domains exact matching enter domain name
the first i want you to do is click on
follow so this only shows you the links
that are followed
because the no follow ones don't really
help increase your rankings then you
want to make sure the one link per
domain is clicked and highlighted in
orange and as long as you do that you're
fine and then what i want you to do
is
type in
domains that include
anchor
that contains any of the keywords that
you're going after so i'm going after
let's say seo
and i'll click apply
and this will start showing me all the
links it's loading it'll show me all the
links
that have the word seo in there
and what i want you to do is do this for
your competition
and then go to each of the websites
that
has linked to them you just click this
arrow where it says source
okay and i'm doing this for a few of the
sites so webflow business.yell
qe box
and you would want to go through them
start reaching out to some of these
sites and say hey i notice you link out
to neil patel and his article on what is
seo i have a more detailed article that
not only breaks down what seo is but how
to leverage it and how to do it in three
simple steps
um so i'm googling here for seo although
this article has a pop-up let's see if i
can find it really quickly
so seo let's see if that was a link to
me
nope that's a link to themselves
may take a little bit google own starter
guide support google that's another
business one
let's see if i can keep scrolling on
moz's beginner's guide
and his thorough blog to that that's to
me so and this thorough guide uh to
being seo so this link's in my bing seo
article so in this one i would if i'm
reaching out to them saying hey i
noticed you linked to neil patel's being
seo article i have a more detailed one
uh that breaks on x y and z and it's
updated includes you know being
webmaster tools and it includes the
difference between being seo and google
seo so the more descriptive you get like
that the higher chances are you're gonna
have of yell.com switching over their
link
now if you're struggling to find hey who
do i contact at yale.com look for the
author and you just google for them or
you can go to hunter.io so hunter.io
let's go there
and the company is yell
i think it's yell.com
there you go 27 results
and sometimes you'll be able to find the
exact email of that person sometimes
you'll see it for other people and
that's fine pick someone at that company
ideally that ideal person who wrote the
article and just message them
and with hunter you can sign up for a
free account and you can get 50 free
searches and this is the process i use
to find the email address do outreach
and contact each of these people and try
to build links it's a tedious task it
works it'll generate you more links do
this with each of your competitors find
the relevant articles that are linking
out to them and try to convince them to
link out to you most people don't want
to do this because it's a lot of work
it's not hard it's just a lot of work
and time consuming but this is why
people typically don't get great seo
results if you take the time to do this
if you spend an hour a day doing this
for a whole year your rankings would go
through the roof it just takes time
don't focus on domain authority or
anything like that just focus on quality
links and the easiest way to figure out
who will link to you is people who link
to your competitors and they link to
other similar articles so if you have
any questions you can leave a comment
below and i'll answer it if you just
want my team to do this for you check
out my ad agency neil patel digital if
you enjoyed this video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you very
much